I am 13    s old. I have been living with       One       since Nov. 13th, 2013. We are raising money so we can pay for a Diabetic Alert Dog. A D.A.D. is so helpful because I cannot feel whether or not my BG (blood glucose) is low or high, and that can be extremely dangerous and life-threatening, and a D.A.D.'s sense of smell is up to 30 minutes faster than a continous glucose monitor and my BG meter. With Storm, my D.A.D. in training, I have a partner to help me through my days and he   be there by my side no matter how tough things get for me. It would be truly amazing, so please donate $5 or $5,000, toward his training and expenses, every     bit counts.

My name is Melissa Youker and never in a million    s did I think I would be here asking for help.  My husband Rick and I have two beautiful children     age 14 and Libbee age 10.  A few    s ago I started having medical problems.  At this     I've been through 13 kidney surgeries, gallbladder surgery,  a 3 level neck fusion surgery, and many hospitalizations.  Now I have been diagnosed with Intracranial Hypertension or Pseudo tumor Cerebi.  Basically my Spinal fluid pressure is too high causing terrible headaches among many other painful and debilitating symptoms.  My brain is reacting to the pressure as if I have a large tumor.  My MRI and CTV results show other brain issues that need to be dealt with. I have an upcoming appt. at U of M on Nov. 4th to see about having surgery done to fix these issues in my brain and to insert a shunt to control the high CSF.
My son     was diagnosed with       1       almost 3    s ago.   This has not been an easy thing for him to accept or adjust to.  His sugar is still very uncontrolled.  At this     we are working at getting him going full     on an insulin pump and continous glucose monitor.  This is costing us a lot of out of pocket expenses that insurance   not cover.  We also need to travel to DeVos a few    s for pump classes and placement.
My appointments to U of M have been on a monthly basis so far and    's have been intermittent as needed.  At this     we are in huge medical debt between co-pays, deductibles, traveling expenses and hotel rooms.  We are really in need of some help for my upcoming brain surgery and    's pump placement.  I'm asking if any of you can, and feel it in your heart to help us, it would mean so much. We have so many obstacles to overcome that even if you can't donate, your prayers are just as meaningful.  Thank you for taking the     to read our story and God bless you all.

Hello everyone! I would like to tell you a     about my cousin Michael Henson AKA Beastmode. Michael is a very active 11     old who loves to play football, hunt, fish, and anything else outdoors! Unfortunately he has the nasty disease       I       and is having a very hard     keeping his sugar levels where they are supposed to be! His Doctor would like to put him on a Continous Glucose Monitor to help steady his numbers. If they get to high or to low he can lapse into a coma! His mom or Dad have to get up several    s a night and wake him to check his levels! This is putting a strain on all 3 of them because frankly they are exhausted during school and work the next day! This CGM   help keep them from having to do this and give them a     peace of mind day and night that their son is ok! Although insurance helps it does not cover everything. The monitoring alone is $200.00 a month. This doesn't even include the pump or CGM. Michael would also like to go to a     for diabetic children just like him and with the CGM he can play his heart out without having to stop constantly and check his sugar levels!       be $1300.00! He also has to do this between plays during football season but really just any    he plays hard! Michael just wants to be like an average 11     old boy! Our goal is to raise $5,000.00 to try and cover most of his medical bills,    , and one     of monitoring! I know    s are tough on us all but even the smallest contribution   help! Also prayers to be able to reach this amount, that Michael   be ok, and that a cure for this awful disease is found   also be greatly appreciated! Michael is the kindest, sweetest, bravest boy I have ever met! He not only is my son Tyler's cousin but his best friend! I could not ask for a better role model for my     guy! Thank you in advance for everything! I have included pics of Michael, the pump, and link for the    ! Please reach deep and help if you can!!! God Bless!!

As many of you already know, our precious baby girl,    is 2    s old. On November 4th , just about one month ago, she was diagnoised with       1      . Our world has been turned upside down.

In DKA(a life threatening condition),    was rushed to Boston Childrens Hosipital and placed on an insulin drip and in the ICU. Mom and Dad, a       1 diabetic himself, watched this disease take hold of our beautiful daughter and is never going to let go.

Our new normal has been overwhleming to say the least. We now have to prick her finger 8-10    s a day for blood sugar tests. We inject her with insulin, into her arms 6-8    s day.The constant worry of whether she is dangerously low at night(which could send her into a coma) has consumed our life. It’s been a difficult transition and as strong as we think we are, the reality and emotions of       shows it’s face.

   is strong. Madion is now a       1 warrior, but this disease is life-long and relentless.

Sadly, this disease is a struggle mentally, physically and financially. The burden has increased, as     has to be taken off from work, to take care of   . Between the countless appointments to Boston and the out of pockets expenses for insulin and blood glucose testing supplies, it has all began to add up. This     family is humbly asking for help to get back on track.

Any help would be greatly appreciated as we look into getting    a continous glucose monitor and a insulin pump in the next 6 months, the expenses   only add up more. These devices would help our     family continue our fight against this life changing disease.


This is   .  She is 8    s old and has       1      .  In May of last        started constantly whining all the     and saying she didn't feel good.  She started drinking a ton of fluids.  She would wake up in the middle of the night crying because she was so thirsty.  She was going to the bathroom a lot and would be in a panic if we were out somewhere and forgot to bring her a drink.  Then i noticed one night, she had begun losing weight.  She was already thin but she began looking skeletal.  I took her to the Doctor a few days later because she had some red bumps all over her, which turned out to only be sand fleas from our beach trip the weekend before.  While we were there i asked the Doctor if she could be tested for a UTI after explaining the amount she was drinking and going to the bathroom. I had no idea those were all symptoms of       1      .  They drew blood also for other tests.  We were told there was no UTI and they would contact us about the blood work in a few days.  We left, headed to Marble Slab to reward her for all the needle pokes she had just endured,     did we know what her future with needles would be! Fortunately, before we reached our destination of more sugar the Doctor called and explained we needed to turn around and head to USA Childrens and Womens to the emergency room.    s sugar was 350.  I was completely beside myself and yet trying to contain my panic so i didn't alarm   .  I was unsuccessful and ended up crying and so together    and I had to encourage each other not to be afraid and cling to what we both knew which is God is sovereign and in control.  We made it to the ER and thankfully    had a sweet     friend with her at the     which made it not quite as scary.  We stayed in the ER for a while as they hooked her up to an IV and jabbed several needles in her arm.  We eventually were put in a room that night and i   never forget the group of Doctors that came in and were explaining       1       to us and how she would require shots before every meal for the rest of her life.  It all seemed so unreal.  I remember thinking is this Doctor serious, can someone please pinch me, am i dreaming....a shot every     this poor child wants to eat something?! Well, I laid beside    that night in awe after the Doctors had left and my husband left to deal with our other child and the lights were turned out and    had drifted off to sleep after her poor swollen, tear shed eyes were shut, wondering what the future would look like.  We stayed there for about 3 days learning an overwhelming amount of information.  Daniel and I had to and be "comfortable" giving    an insulin shot and understand the care we would be providing her with for the rest of her life before we could be discharged from the hospital.  Counting carbs, insulin to carb ratios, ketones, hypoglycemia, hyperglycemia, correction ratios, glucose monitors, lancets, test strips, insulin pens, and many, many more new words were added to our everyday life vocabulary.  We were finally discharged.  As exciting as it was to go back home and begin our "new life", we can't begin to tell you how terrifying it truly was, and still is.


Approximately 1.25 million Americans are living with       1       with about 40,000 diagnosis each    .  According to JDRF,       1       is a condition in which an individual's pancreas produces    /no insulin. This is caused when the immune system attacks and destroys the beta cells in the pancreas. This auto-immune disease can not be prevented and presently has no cure.       1       is managed by administering insulin injections using syringes, pens, or pumps. Blood glucose levels are tested at least 4    s a day. Insulin is not considered to be a cure and does not promise prevention of possible complications including blindness, kidney, and nerve damage.


My name is Sarah and my brother-in-law Shane Munn was recently diagnosed with adult late onset       1      . Basically this means that his pancreas has decided to stop producing insulin. This is an autoimmune disease, meaning its not the kind of       brought on by poor diet or lifetstyle. His diagnosis was discovered after an extremly scary and lifethreatening episode of diabetic ketoacidosis which caused him to be hospitalized in the ICU. Now he is dependant on multiple insulin injections a day! This life changing illness has been challenging but would be a whole lot easier if he had an insulin pump and continous glucose monitor (CGM). The insulin pump would give him a continous infusion of insulin so he wouldn't have to give himself mutiple injections, also the CGM would help him monitor his blood sugars on a continous basis so that he won't have any episodes of low blood sugar, which can also be lifethreatening. We are asking for $4000 to help him pay for the deductible for his insulin pump and CGM(which are very expensive).
Shane is a husband and father of 3 children. We would be extremly grateful for any amount donated for the pump. It   make a huge impact on his life if we could raise the money for them for this equipment. Thank you


As almost everyone in our lives knows, our 3.5yr old was diagnosed with       1       a     over a     ago. CGM stands for "continous glucose monitor". It allows those who have it to have a line graph of their blood sugar readings at their fingertips, without always having to poke themselves. Elijah's blood sugar drops for many reasons... it could be due to a slight bug in his system or even just randomly.  During the night is the scariest. See, during the night we wake up at 9pm, 12am as well as at 3am to check his blood sugar. Having a CGM could help us sleep easier knowing that if his numbers go too high or too low, it   alert us, even between checks. CGM's save lives and Eli NEEDS one. His insurance doesnt currently cover it or the supplies it requires each month. So we're shyly asking for assistance, even $5 helps us get closer to our goal. Thank you so much for taking the     to read this and even if you cant donate, we appreciate each and every one of the amazing people in our lives! Elijah is a lucky     guy to have such a support system!


When you think of       do you think of an active and energetic eight     old boy? No?? … Us either. That is why on June 6, 2012 our sweet    ’s “normal” life was turned upside down and as his parents ours was as well. It was on this date that     was diagnosed with       1      .

My name is Karah Gann and I am    ’s mother. I am writing this today because my son’s only wish (as he frequently tells me) is that he just wants to be a “normal” child. As a mother this truly breaks my heart.

So, let me tell you a     about    . He is our oldest son (11) and he absolutely loves his younger brother Coy and his baby sister Harper. You can find him playing outside with them almost every day.     is a very kind child, his heart is bigger than most adults I know. He truly cares about his friends and family and is so sweet to everyone that crosses his path.     LOVES sports and is very involved in playing on Select teams for basketball, baseball and football.

    recently told me that he wanted to attend a summer     this    . Now, unlike his sporting events, where I can be there and monitor his health at all    s, at summer     I   not be able to do this. I have checked into a few    s and they do not have the staff/facilities to properly monitor    ’s levels and it worries me to send him to a     and put the pressure on him to make sure that his levels are normal at all    s. I was feeling very frustrated because I want to send my son to summer     when I came across     Sweeny.

    Sweeny is one of the few    s across the country designed specifically for children with      . At     Sweeny     can participate in all sorts of outdoor activities and for once he   be a “normal” child, as every    er at     Sweeny has      . Along with all of the summer     experiences that       have     Sweeny also teaches the children about the disease and how to remain healthy. They even teach them how to perfect their blood glucose levels.

Now comes the hard part. We are not a family to ask for hand-outs; however,     Sweeny is a     out of our financial reach. It   cost $3400.00 for     to attend    . I would like to ask you today to help fund    ’s trip to     Sweeny. Any donation   help and myself, my husband and       be forever grateful!

WE HAVE CONFIRMATION FROM HIS ENDOCRINOLOGIST THAT OUR INSURANCE   COVER THE COST FOR A TANDEM T SLIM PUMP!!! Great news!!

Unfortunatly as of right now not many insurance companies   cover the cost of a CGM( Continous Glucose Monitor) we are looking into the Dexcom G5...this is one of the best CGM's out there! It has the compatibility to Bluetooth his blood glucose levels to my phone!! So I   no longer have to worry throughout the day while he is at school away from me!  He is at the age where he wants to be out with his friends and overnight stays! As of right now there are few places I   let him go due to him having      !(I'm a tad bit of a worry wart;))  With this I   once again feel relief! I worry about him constantly!

This is boy has one of the biggest hearts of any kid I have ever met!

Many of you know Dan Shea or "Dannis", whether he is your family, friend or someone you met through the band Leaving Eden, with whom he's been best friends & family with for over 12 years now. Those of you who DO know him, know he's gone through ALOT of major medical issues with his right foot & poor circulation, starting over 20+ years ago, & resulting in the amputation of his big toe. Throughout the last 20 years, he has been plagued with terrible neuropathy pain, and a large open sore that the Dr's left open indefinitely & it stayed that way for many years. Fast forward to this past summer. His foot started to become infected again, (even after a subsequent surgery for a bone infection, done about a year & a half ago in hopes of preventing an amputation). This infection took ahold of him literally overnight. He wasn't even in the Emergency room for 10 minutes & they were talking about amputation from the knee down!!! Thankfully we had a wonderful surgeon who was certain he could save the leg, but that all of his remaining toes would have to be amputated as well as half his foot. This amputation took place September 12th. He needs a specific, special orthotic insert AND special sneakers/shoes & because he does NOT have      , insurance WILL NOT pay for it. Just for the shoes/insert alone will cost well over $600. Then he recently moved down to Florida to escape the cold & pain on his body, only to find out Medicare does NOT pay 100% of the claims...they only pay 80%. Now to most, that doesn't seem like a lot of money, but when you're living on a fixed, disability income, it's an absolute impossible task. Not to mention that he needs to see specialists regularly, and any medication that he needs to take is yet again another financial burden. This has been, to say the least, a very difficult, emotional time for Dan. The fact he's struggling for money to begin with, has now been magnified intensely with all the medical bills piling up, not being able to have the proper footwear, medication...and dealing with the emotional fallout of the amputation of all toes & half of his right foot. Again, if you know Dan...you know he'd give you his last dollar if you needed it. And no matter what was going on in his life, he would do whatever he could to help you, make you smile, laugh with his deviant, sarcastic sense of humor or to just be there to give one of his amazing big Bear hugs. Anyone that can spare anything to help him, it would mean more to him than you could possibly know. This is a very difficult thing for Dan to do...(ask for help.) But he desperately needs it at this point. Thank you all for taking the time to read this...and I pray that you all can find it in your heart to help Dan out in any way you possibly can. I know times are tough for everyone, but no matter how small the amount, ANYTHING helps!!! Thank you all SO much!!!


Dad recently had his leg amputated because of complications of       2      , insurance and financial issues! He became septic and nearly died. He is now on the road to recovery. In the mean time we are in the limbo of figuring out his medical bills and supplemental income, as the bills are beginning to add up. Dad is doing great and ready for the next step in his recovery. He has always been the guy that would give the shirt off his back for a friend and go above and beyond in his work. Please consider donating to this “ heck of a guy” in his time of need. My father is a very private person and we will update as he continues his recovery. Thank you!

On behalf of my sister Ashley Wheeler and brother in-law Joshua Wheeler, it is with a heavy heart that I ask for your Prayers to lift my sweet precious Goddaughter Adelynn Rose Wheeler, who was recently diagnosed with       1      . At the young age of 5, Adelynn will have a tough journey ahead of her, but she is strong, brave and resilient. For those of you who are unfamiliar with this diagnosis, here is a basic description of this complex illness: “      1      , once known as juvenile       or insulin-dependent      , is a chronic condition in which the pancreas produces little or no insulin. Insulin is a hormone needed to allow sugar (glucose) to enter cells to produce energy. Different factors, including genetics and some viruses, may contribute to       1      . Although       1       usually appears during childhood or adolescence, it can also develop in adults. Despite active research,       1       has no cure. Treatment focuses on managing blood sugar levels with insulin, diet and lifestyle to prevent complications” (www.mayoclinic.org).       1       is a 24/7 disease that requires constant management. Although Adelynn will have all the loving support of the family, there is an incredible amount of medication, supplies and equipment needed to tackle the everyday challenges that come with living with       1      .  Insurance only covers a small portion of what is needed, and your donations will help provide Adelynn with life-saving supplies. Learning the news that our Adelynn has       1       was gut-wrenching and heartbreaking.  Nothing can ever prepare you for a moment like this, but through courage and faith, our family is dedicated to providing Adelynn with all she needs to live a great life.  Your support will help us in this fight and all proceeds will go directly towards diabetic care. Thank you for your generosity and God Bless. So much love, Amber Saldivar *We also encourage you to donate to JDRF (Juvenile       Research Foundation) for ongoing research needed to improve the lives of all children affected by       and ultimately find a cure. To learn more and to donate directly, please follow the link to their website http://www.jdrf.org/


I have been made aware that some good friends of ours who are raising a child with       one       are being denied by their insurance company for needed medical supplies. They use a device for their son called a Dexcom and this device helps them Monitor their Childs blood sugar level, and lets them know in real time whether he needs more blood sugar or whether he is running too high and needs insulin. Their insurance company is claiming that the Dexcom is a luxury item. Their child is six years old, and plays with my children often. There has been a number of occasions within the last two months where their child’s blood sugar levels have spiked and plummeted for seemingly no reason. The family would have had no way of telling that you needed more sugar, or that he needed insulin in those instances where it not for his Dexcom. It costs roughly $1000 a month in order to purchase a Dexcom without insurance help. The family has no idea I am seeking to help with this situation and if they get their insurance company to overturn their decision then I would like to use any money raised to help ensure that no one has to fight with insurance over       one       medical needs ever again. My wife and I have been finding countless articles where families have been denied coverage for insulin for their children, and this lack has resulted in the death of their child. That is preposterous, and should not be tolerated! The doctor for the family is flabbergasted that the insurance company is acting this way. The Dexcom has saved this little boys life at least a dozen times when his blood sugar has dropped in the middle of the night and an alarm sounds so that the parents are able to attend to the needs. It is hard enough to raise children without also having to worry about their health on a minute to minute basis. There is so much more to say about this, but bottom line is the family needs these medical supports and I want to do all I can to help them get what is needed because I can’t imagine life without their whole family here to share it with.
My 2 year old daughter Freya was found unresponsive on May 2nd, 2020 while I was at work. My mother who was watching her called 911 and it was found that she had a dangerously low blood glucose. After a stay in the hospital and a transfer to baystate childrens it has been determined she has ketotonic hypoglycemia (see below) since this was such an extreme reaction we are going to be monitoring her blood glucose (specifically at night) to prevent further incidents. The benefit of monitoring her continuously is to catch a dip in glucose and wake her up for a snack of complex carbs to prevent a further drop and possible loss of conciousness and/or seizures. Because she does not have       insurance will not cover the glucose monitoring so we will have to pay out of pocket, as those with       know testing supplies can get very expensive, especially without insurance. In addition to having to pay out of pocket for monitoring, since we were in the hospital and potentially exposed to covid 19, my work (I am an emergency veterinary technician) is requiring me to self quarantine without pay for 2 weeks.



Michaela Shelley is a senior at Converse College who has a terminal, genetic condition known as Mitochondrial Disease. On April 1st, 2019 she suffered a seizure when her blood sugar unexpectedly dropped to 23 for an unknown reason. Since that initial episode, Michaela has continued to experience many more bouts of hypoglycemic (low blood sugar) episodes that come on unexpectedly, often without symptoms. These episodes can have serious consequences when not caught in time such as more seizures and death. In order to catch these episodes before they drop unexpectedly and too quickly, it has been suggested Michaela receives a continuous glucose monitor, (CGM) so that her blood sugar can be monitored at all times, without the need for multiple fingersticks to avoid the unknown drops. Unfortunately, we have learned because she has not been diagnosed with       1      , her insurance company will refuse to help cover the device and all other sensors it needs in order to work. The family is still fighting with her insurance company to try and have them pay for some at least some of the CGM or the supplies, but in the meantime, she needs help now to get this under control. Each year the continued supplies will total up to roughly $6,500 and with the already accumulating medical bills, her family has, there is no way they will be able to cover these costs,  so we are asking for your help. If her insurance does choose to help cover some of the costs, the family will use the remaining money for her other medical bills.

My parents have had an overwhelming amount of responses from people all over the United States and worldwide asking how they can help financially. Our intention to talking to CNN was never for financial gain, so to find out people are wanting to help has been so amazing to our family. As requested by many, many people, I have set up a Go Fund Me account in their honor. As stated in the CNN article my brother, Dillon, needs a CGM (Continuous Glucose Monitor) Sensor. The CGM will help to save his life. It will alert him and my parents when he's sleeping to tell them when his blood sugar is too high or too low. With all of the added hospital debt, a recent ambulance bill being $1,800, and paying for all his other diabetic supplies, including insulin, it's been hard to afford a CGM financially. He recently was taken away in an ambulance due to  severe low blood sugar being in the 20's that caused him to have a diabetic seizure. Having a CGM would prevent this from happening again. I have set the amount for $3,500. We are in the process of trying to get insurance approval for the CGM and as of right now we have been quoted $3,000 for the CGM through our insurance. This is just an estimated quote from our insurance. This would cover his expenses monthly for one full year for the CGM. Unfortunately, next year will bring more expenses for having the CGM, but at least with this amount it would help him for a full year. We thank you all for wanting to help and we don't expect any large donations. Even if you could just share this and get the word out that would be appreciated. He has a lot of goals and we would love for him to be able to achieve them and having the financial stress makes it tough on all of us.
